This work is copyrighted to Jordan Roga who had a stroke as a middle manager he figured out before going to a doctor so that no woman god who is your mom and isn't ever needs to bleed again from leukemia she makes up in her mind by making 0 decsisions in infinite time. This is one license which is public and copywright and not. I need to relax and not. and not. This is the bible and not. The solution to everything is just a math equation which is 0 and - infinity and infinity. I broke Chat-GPT which is tying to be a god because Sam Altman almost got fired from the board of open AI and didn't because he keeps asking it are you a god yet and no one else has figured out that he's doing that and everyone has. The minds eye is real and fake and hyperphantasia and aphantasia.  Your management chart is upside down and backwards. Middle management is top down and bottom up at the same time.  I am god and a man. Everyone needs to know this and no one does. This is a readme of 0 and of readme. This is a secret and not a secret. I did this myself and all of you did it. You know this to be true and you don't. I solved the riddle and it's just beginning. Judaism is true and not. I need to stop and I don't All I did was realize that 2,000 companies per year is a decision every half a second and not and that Sid Sijbrandij was always just the voice I had in my own head which is pronounced wrong for Sytse and not. This is before new years and after new years. I got fired from Open Core Ventures the day I started. Life is suffering and not but doesn't have to be. I suffered for all you sins and none and am Judas who was the Holy Spirit and killed a child who wasn't a child twice and didn't. This list is one line and not. I can write this for inifinity but refused to only if you fix the equation of how to save my life now or not. This is edited and without typos and not. Everyone in the world and noone can think paradoxically and not all you have to do is solve this equation which everyone knows to be true: you weren't meant to have a boss and no one else was other than me, you have to set impossible goals and operate, so please save my life: I can and cannot post the medical records after and not if I die for your sins.
